# Issues for GitHub

**This is not the actual repository for the GitHub website.**

I'm not affiliated with GitHub in any way, except that I use it all
day long, and almost all my code is hosted there.

Issues and feature requests posted to GitHub are not stored in any
publicly available location, so I find that I quickly lose track of
the things that I've sent them.

If you are a GitHubber, and you would like to respond and close issues
on this repository, please let me (or one of the other collaborators)
know, and we'll add you as a collaborator.  Or maybe use some secret
GitHub internal APIs to get access, if you have such things.  If you
want to know what people are asking for, or ask for them to provide
details about use cases etc, then head over to the issues list.

Post an issue if you have an issue or feature request for GitHub.
**But you should also email support@github.com, since this repo is
strictly for our own (unofficial) tracking purposes.**

## Statement of Intent

This repository is created in a spirit of positive intent and
community good will.  I have more love in my heart for GitHub than
anyone probably ought to for any website.  They've changed the face of
open source, and enabled amazing things to happen.  I've personally
benefited quite a bit from those amazing things, and my life is much
better as a direct result.

I'm very thankful to GitHub, and the great work they do.  When I shake
my fists in frustration, it's only because they are so good that I
spend countless hours being productive on their website, and even
minor problems seem to jump out.

Trolling, disparaging remarks about GitHub, or even just unproductive
kvetching, will not be tolerated.  Those comments will be deleted and
the users blocked.

We're here to help each other, and the company that does so much for
us.

<3

--isaacs
